AT  "ADMIRAL BENBOW"
Squire Trelawney, Doctor Livesey, and  rest of these gentlemen having
asked me to write down  whole particulars about Treasure Island, from
 beginning to  end, keeping nothing back   bearings of 
island, and that only because there is still treasure   lifted, I
take up my  in  year of grace 17--, and go back to  time when
my father kept  "Admiral Benbow" Inn, and  brown old seaman, with
 saber , first took up  lodging under our roof.
 until  smile faded, which  a matter of seconds,  he reach
out in  dark and press  first of a  of buttons. There were
three rows of such buttons.  concealed lighting that spilled from
 huge bowl under  ceiling revealed a sleeping-porch, three sides
of which were fine-meshed copper screen.  fourth side   house
wall, solid concrete, through which French windows gave access.

He pressed  second button in   and  bright light
concentered at a particular place on  concrete wall, illuminating,
in a , a clock, a barometer, and centigrade and Fahrenheit
thermometers. Almost in a sweep of glance he read  messages of 
dials: time 4:30; air pressure, 29:80, which  normal at that
altitude and season; and temperature, Fahrenheit, . With another
press,  gauges of time and heat and air were sent back into 
darkness.

A third button turned on  reading lamp, so arranged that  light
fell from above and behind without shining into  eyes.  first
button turned off  concealed lighting overhead. He reached a mass
of proofsheets from  reading stand, and, YOYOYOYO, YOYOYOYO in hand, lighting a
cigarette, he began to correct.

 place  clearly  sleeping quarters of a   worked.
Efficiency  its  note, though comfort,  altogether Spartan,
 also manifest.    of gray enameled iron to tone with 
concrete wall. Across  foot of  , an extra coverlet, hung a
gray robe of wolfskins with every tail a-dangle. On  floor, where
rested a pair of slippers,  spread a thick-coated skin of mountain
goat.

Heaped orderly with books, magazines and scribble-pads, there  room
on   reading stand  matches, cigarettes, an ash-tray, and a
thermos bottle. A phonograph,  purposes of dictation, stood on a
hinged and swinging bracket. On  wall, under  barometer and
thermometers, from a round wooden frame laughed  face of a girl. On
 wall, between  rows of buttons and a switchboard, from an open
holster, loosely projected  butt of a .44 Colt's automatic.

